I know you've been waiting for this one
scientists reveal eight proven traits
men are physically attracted to now
almost everyone wants to know the
secrets of attracting the opposite sex
fortunately scientists are ready to
reveal the truth so here's a short list
of traits that men find irresistible
let's see what it's all about
number eight figure it figures believe
it or not when we see a woman for the
first time we subconsciously determine
whether or not we can have babies with
her and I'm talking extremely
subconsciously of course maybe that's
why our brain instinctually looks for a
woman with wider hips and a smaller
waist these features give the impression
of a healthy and fertile female in fact
according to studies it's ideal for a
woman to have a waist hip ratio of 7 to
10 apparently this proportion tells a
man that these hips are capable of
childbirth
good to know number 7 smile all this
incessant advice to smile more seemed so
cliche but before you rolled your eyes
and brush it off you might want to think
twice a warm smile is an undeniably
attractive feature to men it's something
that immediately gets our attention and
gives the impression that a woman is
interested and ready to flirt but is it
really that simple
of course not we're also checking out
your teeth now that doesn't necessarily
mean you have to have a perfect
Hollywood smile just avoid things like
bad breath and yellowish teeth it's also
got to do with the fact that
nice-looking teeth are an indicator of
strong health and good genetics remember
deep down we're looking for a mom for
our future babies number 6 facial
symmetry the saying goes that beauty is
in the eye of the beholder that might be
true but scientists claim that physical
attraction is actually hardwired into
our brains
the brain visually processes symmetrical
faces faster than asymmetrical ones of
course most of us are far from having
perfectly symmetrical faces we're only
human right but it is believed that the
fewer asymmetries your face has the more
attractive it is to other people so if
you look like you were drawn by Picasso
then it's gonna be a little tougher and
this is true for both men and women
number five list I mean lips trust me
any man will be drawn to a woman with
irresistible kissable lips but what
qualifies as kissable
despite the trend of plumping your lips
up to the max the good survey show that
men usually prefer thin to medium-sized
lips and let's be honest lips that look
like they've been stung by a bee or
having some allergic reaction are kind
of scary
your lipstick makes a difference to a
study from Manchester University found
that men can stare at a woman in red
lipstick for seven seconds so take note
ladies maybe he'll also pick up the tab
who knows
number four eyes most of us are innately
attracted to big doll s eyes and there's
actually a reason for it if we're
falling in love with the person we're
looking at our pupils naturally dilate
making the eyes look larger that's why a
person with big eyes seems happier and
more appealing oh so that's how it works
our subconscious really is full of
surprises number three eyebrows now
eyebrows are clearly an important facial
feature they help us express our
feelings non-verbally and give a nice
frame to the face I guess that's why a
lot of women spend hours trying to shape
them to perfection and it's not for
nothing well defined eyebrows make you
look gorgeous
and make us feel lost in your eyes it
was also found that people notice
eyebrows even more often than they do
the eyes this eyebrow trend clearly got
to our subconscious do number two
posture
your posture can see a lot about your
personality
people who slouch tend to have problems
socializing they're usually shy and not
open to new acquaintances people with
good posture on the other hand exude
confidence which is extremely attractive
and that's exactly the signals your
posture sends to everyone around no
matter what your success so the recipe
is simple change your posture if you
want to change the way people perceive
you plus your back will definitely thank
you and number-one clothing color yes
say yes to red dresses the color of your
clothing can determine whether or not
people find you attractive as far as men
are concerned we love the color red it
makes pretty much every woman look
gorgeous and seductive since it's often
associated with love and passion black
clothes are also a great option it gives
the impression of a confident
intelligent and independent woman and
that's hard to resist - it's really not
that hard to pump up your attractiveness
just take care of your health don't be
afraid to be yourself and use the tricks
on this list to stand out of the crowd
your confidence and personality will
attract people and you'll definitely
grab everyone's attention in every room
you walk into so what traits do you find
attractive in the opposite sex tell us
in the comment section below don't
forget to hit the like button share this
video with your friends and subscribe to
our channel if you want to stay on the
bright side of life with us see you soon
[Music]